chore: update CA cert import in README and test (#2251)
jenkinsci/docker: README.md

docker run -p 8080:8080 -p 50000:50000 --restart=on-failure --dns 1.1.1.1 --dns 8.8.8.8 jenkins/jenkins:lts-jdk21
```

## Custom CA Certificates

If your Jenkins instance needs to trust custom root CA certificates (for corporate proxies, internal services, or self-signed certificates), see the documentation on jenkins.io for detailed instructions on using init containers or building custom images.

> Full documentation will be available at: https://www.jenkins.io/doc/book/installing/docker/#custom-ca-certificates

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your Jenkins instance needs to trust custom root CA certificates (for corporate proxies, internal services, or self-signed certificates), see the documentation on jenkins.io for detailed instructions on using init containers or building custom images at https://www.jenkins.io/doc/book/pipeline/docker/#custom-registry.
```
